README.md, before:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# Portfolio: Validate contact form

>This project of Milestone nine focuses how to implement DOM using javascript functions and methods to validate an input email while users filled the form.


## ScreenShoot Validate contact form
![screenshot](./image/formValidation.png)



### Built With

- HTML5
- CSS3
- JS

### Live Demo

[Visit the Live Demo](https://debas-31.github.io/dbus-portfolio/)

### Install

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.
- Open terminal
- Clone this project by the command `git clone https://github.com/Debas-31/dbus-portfolio.git`
- `cd repository_name` folder
- Open `index.html` in your local browser or using Live Server in Visual Studio Code.
### Author1

👤 **Debas Gebreslasie**

- [GitHub](https://github.com/Debas-31)
- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/DEBSH76956492)
- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/debas-gebrengus)

### Author2

👤 **Bogdan Stojanovic**

- [GitHub](https://github.com/kakarrot92)
- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/kakarrot1992)
- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/bogdan-stojanovic-97829b136/)


### 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/Debas-31/dbus-portfolio/issues).

### Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

### Acknowledgments
- Github

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](https://github.com/Debas-31/dbus-portfolio/blob/Project-1-Setup-and-mobile-version-skeleton/MIT.md) licensed.

Commit message:

Add javaScript file to preserve data in the browser , image to the README file and modify html

README.md, after:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# Portfolio: Preserve data in the browser

>This project of Milestone ten focuses how to implement DOM using javascript functions and methods to preserve data in browser on local machine.


### ScreenShoot demo how to preserve data in browser
![screenshot](./image/screenShot-preserveData.png)



### Built With

- HTML5
- CSS3
- JS

### Live Demo

[Visit the Live Demo](https://debas-31.github.io/dbus-portfolio/)

### Install

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.
- Open terminal
- Clone this project by the command `git clone https://github.com/Debas-31/dbus-portfolio.git`
- `cd repository_name` folder
- Open `index.html` in your local browser or using Live Server in Visual Studio Code.
### Author1

👤 **Debas Gebreslasie**

- [GitHub](https://github.com/Debas-31)
- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/DEBSH76956492)
- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/debas-gebrengus)

### Author2

👤 **Bogdan Stojanovic**

- [GitHub](https://github.com/kakarrot92)
- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/kakarrot1992)
- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/bogdan-stojanovic-97829b136/)


### 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/Debas-31/dbus-portfolio/issues).

### Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

### Acknowledgments
- Github

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](https://github.com/Debas-31/dbus-portfolio/blob/Project-1-Setup-and-mobile-version-skeleton/MIT.md) licensed.
